what's up guys is patchy with episode 9
of my in the money series and I have
really bad excuses as why I have been
really inconsistent with these recently
and school ended so I've kind of been
out my friends and stuff and not really
been doing a whole lot of gaming and
this luck you can adjust whenever I was
on cause our xbox I was just then I'm
like slurring my speech for some reason
little what's happening like tired and
busy and my speech started slow start
and so yeah I was kind of like playing
the bit nuketown 24-7 when I was bought
who's been playing on my xbox player
don't know why it was on default no one
else has been on my xbox unless I don't
know anyway and this this eps or there
i'm not really gonna be speaking about
the gameplay because i wanted to find
that my ball is way too high and i
wanted to ask you guys something because
i've been thinking a lot about my
YouTube recently and liked what i need
to change and because to be honest i
have about on some videos i have about
70,000 in active subscribers and this is
gonna be a video of me like complaining
low why doesn't everyone watch my videos
it's gonna be no it's gonna be me asking
you guys at what right ok in the comment
section leave leave a comment one of the
things i want you to answer fuck is them
why why are you subscribe to me first of
all and what makes my video is better
than other people what is the thing that
makes my videos sort of a worthwhile to
watch and also the other thing I want to
ask you is what makes them not so good
and what if you could improve one thing
a better channel if there's one thing
you really don't like about what I do
what is it what you want me to change
over my channel because then there's no
point of me guessing or trying out these
new things there's no pardon me starting
up a new series the whole time trying to
attract new
subscribers if I'm doing something
vitally wrong and what is it that I
don't do other youtubers that you enjoy
do and and this is just basically asking
because i I don't I don't think that my
in my subscribers are inactive I
distinctly choose not thought my videos
and I want to know why and because it
was something i can change then i'll
change it cuz why anything's worth
having my subscriber and and my view
can't matching with subscriber camp
which in all boil it happen even if i
get like i don't know i go 10,000 more
viewers and on all my videos that which
is I was like get amazing it just ah it
would double a double the amount of
happiness ah / money I know what people
are gonna comment saying that this
really isn't about the money and it just
I put in some whatever and stuff to sort
a lot of effort into this and I kind of
like it to em it I don't want to word
this because it is already worthwhile
and you can understand like buddies like
say something like this it seems like
you're complaining and this wasn't me
complaining right I'm gonna show up I
bet this topic basically just leave a
comment saying what you want me to
change and what you want me to keep
about this channel and because at the
moment i think i do need to have some
serious thoughts about my youtube and i
hope the money so it's cuz this this
talk got too serious so I appreciate if
you have no leaving comments saying that
and because it is something is kind of
important to me know because I really
want to take my I want to kind of
establish my youtube channels oh but
it's ross asin's guy's a fucking proof
and
oh my days I'm lost place this is
terrible all right okay back to the
gameplay now this is the first time i
played fucking hell this role assassins
is run every single corner being a
little faggot
looking for him
crimes no wait in here I'm gonna do the
role of Stockton nice i'm gonna work all
is it won't try any
well let's get in the money
what if our people how's this guy not
dying what the fuck this guy's Jesus no
case right i just wanna get in the money
and come on where are people is there
someone there's new people there's this
guy again he's jesus fuck
fight no no it's getting money in the
money come on please please please come
on it's not gonna happen it's not gonna
happen no you mother fucker okay I've
lost money that's horrible and our oh
that's so frustrating I spent so much
time so you can bet super serious
subject and look like the money but yeah
clearly this episode force inhabit the
gameplay was more about that question I
house you guys so I'm helped me with
that and I would greatly appreciate it
sorry about the inconsistency of these
videos lately it will pick up again and
if you guys want it to because if it was
one of the things you say like oh I hate
using the money things then maybe it'd
be time to stop them but aside from ang
let me know what you think and I really
appreciate it so I'll see you all on
Friday thanks for watching